# Dintero.OpenApiClient.Checkout.Model.SessionUrls

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ReturnUrl** | **string** | URL to page where Checkout will redirect the customer to after the Checkout process has ended.  If a transaction was completed successfully, a &#x60;transaction_id&#x60; will be appended to the URL as a &#x60;query&#x60; string parameter  &gt; A &#x60;transaction_id&#x60; will be appended to the URL if the &gt; Checkout failed with &#x60;error&#x3D;capture&#x60;  &gt; A transaction with status &#x60;ON_HOLD&#x60; must be handled as a payment &gt; that is pending approval, where the transaction will later be updated &gt; with a final payment staus &#x60;AUTHORIZED&#x60; or &#x60;FAILED&#x60;. &gt; We recommend that &#x60;callback_url&#x60; is used to receive the callback when &gt; the transaction changes status from &#x60;ON_HOLD&#x60; to &#x60;AUTHORIZED&#x60; or &#x60;FAILED&#x60;. &gt; Alternative is to do an hourly/daily poll on the transaction to check &gt; if the status has changed.  *Example*:     &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;    https://example.com/accept?transaction_id&#x3D;T00000000.3YkJXSdSnUBXcmQSzn7uJj    &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;   query name        | type         | description                    | required - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - | :- -- -- -- -- -: | - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - | :- -- -- -- -- --: transaction_id     |   string     | Transaction Id                 | false error              |   string     | Error code identifying cause   | false merchant_reference |   string     | The merchants reference        | true  In case of that something went wrong with the payment flow, an &#x60;error&#x60; query parameter will be appended to the URL. The value of the error is a code identifying the cause.  error         | Description - -- -- -- -- -- -- | - -- -- -- -- -- - cancelled     | Customer cancelled the checkout payment authorization | Customer failed to authorize the payment failed        | The transaction has been rejected by us, or an error has occurred during transaction processing  ### configuration.channel&#x3D;in_app  The &#x60;in_app&#x60; channel is intended for payments done from mobile devices where &#x60;url.return_url&#x60; can be set to the application&#39;s appswitch URL.  If the query-param &#x60;?initial_recipient&#x3D;merchant&#x60; is appended to the appswitch URL, the payment app will redirect directly to the app, without proxying through Dintero.  In that case, the &#x60;transaction_id&#x60; will be appended to the &#x60;return_url&#x60;, and you will need to poll [GET /v1/transactions](#operation/transactions_get) with this id until the transaction has been updated with one of these statuses:  - AUTHORIZED - CAPTURED - FAILED  Example url: &#x60;myapp://?initial_recipient&#x3D;merchant&amp;transaction_id&#x3D;T12345678.abc&amp;merchant_reference&#x3D;mref123&amp;session_id&#x3D;T12345678.abd&#x60;  | 
**CallbackUrl** | **string** | URL that Checkout will call when the session payment is complete and the transaction has been authorized.  &gt; A callback done with a transaction with status &#x60;ON_HOLD&#x60; will receive &gt; an aditional callback (later) when the transaction state changes status &gt; from &#x60;ON_HOLD&#x60;.  &gt; The callback may be received after the transaction is &#x60;CAPTURED&#x60; &gt; in case when the transaction was created from a session where &gt; &#x60;auto_capture&#x60; was enabled.  Unlike the &#x60;return_url&#x60; the &#x60;callback_url&#x60; is system-to-system which means delivery is guaranteed.  Once a session payment is complete the callback_url is invoked as a &#x60;GET&#x60; request to notify your system that the payment has been approved.  - A callback_url with &#x60;method&#x3D;POST&#x60; query parameter will be invoked as a   &#x60;POST&#x60; request with the transaction included in the request body.  - A callback_url with &#x60;report_error&#x3D;true&#x60; will enable the callback_url   to be called if the payment failed with error &#x60;cancelled&#x60;, &#x60;authorization&#x60;   or &#x60;failed&#x60;.  - A callback_url with &#x60;delay_callback&#x3D;&lt;seconds&gt;&#x60; will delay the callback   before trying to deliver the callback. The **maximum** delay is 60 seconds.  - A callback_url with &#x60;report_event&#x3D;{EVENT}&#x60; will enable the callback_url   to be called if a payment event has been applied to the transaction. Valid   values are &#x60;CAPTURE&#x60;, &#x60;REFUND&#x60; and &#x60;VOID&#x60;. The callback_url can contain   multiple &#x60;report_event&#x60; query parameters. An &#x60;event&#x60; query parameter will be   included in the request sent to the callback_url.  - A callback_url with &#x60;includes&#x3D;session&#x60; will enable the callback_url   to include the session data in the body.  A successful delivery to an HTTP/HTTPS callback_url sometimes requires more than one attempt. This can be the case, for example, if the server hosting the callback_url is down for maintenance or is experiencing heavy traffic.  Dintero attempts a retry only after a failed delivery attempt, following situations is considered as failed delivery   - HTTP status code 100 to 101 and 500 to 599 (inclusive)    (HTTP status code 400 to 499 is considered as permanent failure)  - A request timeout (10 seconds)  - Any connection error such as connection timeout, bad certificate, etc  Failed delivery will be retried 20 times.   query name        | type          | description             | required - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - | :- -- -- -- -- --: | :- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - | :- -- -- -- -- -- transaction_id     | string        | Transaction Id          | true session_id         | string        | Session Id              | true merchant_reference | string        | The merchants reference | true time               | string        | ISO 8601 format         | true error              | string        | Error code              | false event              | string        | event applied           | false includes           | string array  | include additional data | false  &gt; The transaction_id is optional when callback_url enables &#x60;report_error&#x60; &gt; where error query will be included in case where the payment was completed &gt; without creating an authorized transaction.  &gt; It is not possible to use &#x60;https://localhost&#x60; or &#x60;http://127.0.0.1&#x60; for &gt; the callback URL as Checkout backend would then call itself.  | [optional] 
**MerchantTermsUrl** | **string** | URL to a webpage with the merchant&#39;s Terms of Service. Will be linked to from the checkout.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

