# Dintero.OpenApiClient.Checkout.Model.TransactionPayExAllOfCard

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Brand** | **string** | Visa, MasterCard, etc. The brand of the card. | [optional] 
**MaskedPan** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**ExpiryDate** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | Credit or Debit. Indicates the type of card used  | [optional] 
**IssuingBank** | **string** | The name of the bank that issued the card used  | [optional] 
**Country** | **string** | The country the card is issued in | [optional] 
**AcquirerTransactionType** | **string** | 3DSECURE or SSL. Indicates the transaction type of the acquirer.  | [optional] 
**AcquirerStan** | **string** | The System Trace Audit Number assigned by the acquirer to uniquely identify the transaction.  | [optional] 
**AcquirerTerminalId** | **string** | The ID of the acquirer terminal. | [optional] 
**AcquirerTransactionTime** | **DateTime** | The ISO-8601 date and time of the acquirer transaction. | [optional] 
**AuthenticationStatus** | **string** | Y, A, U or N. Indicates the status of the authentication.  | [optional] 
**PaymentToken** | **string** | The payment token generated by the authorization. Only available for transactions created from session where the generate_payment_token option is enabled in the payex session configuration or from payment token sessions created with payex configured  - [POST /v1/sessions-payment-token](#operation/checkout_payment_token_session_post)  | [optional] 
**PaymentTokenId** | **string** | The id of the payment_token, only included in transaction where a payment_token was generated.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

